so hello to all friends you know what we
Now we will do it and we will unpack the bag with
leagues not a simpson figure
yes yes for simpson and again as
previous 2 release 5 6 this bag
us with a small hole in which
it's very easy to finally be in it
teabag is very tricky sellers
did I already said that in the 1
there was not a real check figure who is it
we lease carnival so let's put
bart is there and tears homer and marge i have
still no I did not know a march like
I will buy it soon
the liner when you press the key will be 16
pieces so here it is at number 4 so
let us ka her little
let's give her hands and sex donut
so here she holds him like this
Here is such a podstavchuchka let's still I
I think while thinking about their way
storage and so on do not know but something I
probably come up and
I will surely tell you that there is already 1
but for now she is too not incarnate
so let's say a bolin i'm here i'm i skirt same
made me just he and now I look
I have here is her skirt so
let's do when you first made a skirt
We only know how she dresses
I honestly so now one second
so here the department is shorter I skirt
I was tormented for a long time what to wear it correctly
then looked at the paperwork for
bumazhechki already there more understandable here by
This picture I have already collected first
collected wrong was not slit on the side
here's a cut this hotel has collected well, okay
now let's take a closer look
and so here is our liza so here
pretty in a skirt well, I do not really
I liked this approach
its very wear well, somehow I do not
liked it sticks out he is so uneven
some
but the department I kinda is right because he
behind
mid section the cut here is such a life
Kaunas
let's boy punishments
so here it is, too, as everything is pretty
pretty well all that until we put Like
waiting for new releases and generally new
other videos see you